Update mcp-servers.md fix MCP spec link (#8270)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/copilot/chat/mcp-servers.md

### Supported MCP capabilities

> VS Code supports local standard input/output (`stdio`) and server-sent events (`sse`) for MCP server transport. Currently of the [3 primitives](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/specification/blob/main/docs/specification/2025-03-26/server/index.mdx) (`tools`, `prompts`, `resources`), servers can only provide `tools` to Copilot's agent mode. The list and descriptions of tools can be updated dynamically using *list changed* events. VS Code provides servers with the current workspace folders using `roots` ([spec](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/concepts/roots)).

Author: ```suggestion
VS Code supports local standard input/output (`stdio`) and server-sent events (`sse`) for MCP server transport. Currently of the [3 primitives](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/specification/2025-03-26#features) (`tools`, `prompts`, `resources`), servers can only provide `tools` to Copilot's agent mode. The list and descriptions of tools can be updated dynamically using *list changed* events. VS Code provides servers with the current workspace folders using `roots` ([spec](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/concepts/roots)).
```
